docs: Cross link the two types of contirbuting docs. (#2143)
openedx/edx-documentation: en_us/developers/source/process/overview.rst

Process for Contributing Code
*****************************

.. tip::

>    Looking for fewer words? Checkout the `concise contributing guide <https://openedx.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/COMM/pages/941457737/How+to+Start+Contributing+Code>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Looking for fewer words? Check out the `concise contributing guide <https://openedx.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/COMM/pages/941457737/How+to+Start+Contributing+Code>`_
```

> Open edX is a massive project, and we would love you to help us build

Reviewer 2: If you have any energy to change this noun usage of "Open edX" to an adjective, that'd be cool

> Open edX is a massive project, and we would love you to help us build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Open edX project is massive, and we would love you to help us build
```
